
Ip address 127.0.0.1

What data is being sent to the other computer? 
Transmitting packets

Open the "Internet Protocol Version 4" section - what is the source address, the destination address? 
Source address is 10.17.212.167
Destination address is 172.20.120.20

Open the Data section - how do the integer values compare with the ASCII that is displayed in the terminal? Does it match anything that we have seen before?
The format we see in see in the DATA section is in hexadecimal
The format in the terminal is in ASCII and displayed in English
Each one is 4 bits


How long does it take a ping packet to travel to your classmate's machine and back? Try ping google.com. How long does it take these ping packets to travel?  Try ping www.louvre.fr. How long does this take? What do these numbers tell you?
To ping my system it takes 0.211ms
To ping google it took 6.714ms
To ping the Louvre it took 149.264ms
These numbers tell me that the further away the IP address location, the longer it takes for the ping to go through. 

HTTP
After using the tcp.port == 80 filter, three source and destination addresses occurred


Did you see more than you expected in the output? Can you figure out what other data was sent/received?


Try doing the same experiment again, but instead of opening example.com in a web browser, use the command line tool curl. Type man curl at the command prompt - what is the purpose of the curl program? Now run curl example.com while Wireshark is recording.
Curl is a command line tool that enables data exchange between a device and a server through a terminal


How are your results different / similar?
They are similar
More HTTP protocols are present


Finally, try going to http://github.com using Safari or Firefox (not Chrome! It does its own weird thing), and see what happens. (What URL actually show's up when GitHub is loaded? It's not exactly what you typed in.) Can you understand the output from Wireshark? Why can you only read the first couple of messages?
Opened http://GitHub.com in Safari
The http won't show up it goes to https because it is a secure sight
There is something that shows up on Wireshark but it is encrypted because Github is a secure site



